Add a changelog about the API change to objective_function in #16673 (#17101)
astropy/astropy: docs/changes/modeling/16673.api.rst

> Subclasses of ``_NonLinearLSQFitter``, so any subclasses of the public ``LevMarLSQFitter``, ``TRFLSQFitter``, ``LMLSQFitter`` or ``DogBoxLSQFitter``, should now accept a ``fit_param_indices=`` kwarg in their function signatures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subclasses of ``_NonLinearLSQFitter``, so any subclasses of the public ``LevMarLSQFitter``, ``TRFLSQFitter``, ``LMLSQFitter`` or ``DogBoxLSQFitter``, should now accept an additional ``fit_param_indices`` kwarg in their function signatures.
```

> Nothing is needed to be done with this kwarg, and it might not be set, but it can optionally be passed through to ``fitter_to_model_params_array`` for a performance improvement.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps it would make sense to say here somewhere that in fact they should now be able to accept additional keyword arguments, to make sure that people don't just add ``fit_param_indices=`` but also e.g. ``**kwargs``. Basically write it in a way that it will be future proof if we need to add more? (Or we could revert to doing the single dictionary as we had it before)

Reviewer 3: Is this resolved yet?

Reviewer 4: This makes sense to me.

Author: Fixed
